feat: support TX customization at BaseInvocationScope (#3875)
FuelLabs/fuels-ts: apps/docs/src/guide/contracts/custom-contract-calls.md

# Custom Contract Call

In certain scenarios, your use case may require more control over how contract calls are prepared and submitted.

> For instance, imagine a liquidity pool contract where users can deposit a specific asset to receive some form of benefit. To make the experience smoother and more attractive, you might use a predicate to cover the transaction fees. This way, users only need to provide the asset they wish to deposit—without worrying about the fees.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instance, imagine a liquidity pool contract where users can deposit a specific asset to receive some form of benefit. To enhance the experience and make it more attractive, one could use a predicate to cover the transaction fees. This way, users only need to provide the asset they wish to deposit without worrying about the fees.
```

Here’s how you can prepare and submit a customizable contract call in such a setup:

<<< @./snippets/custom-contract-calls/call.ts#custom-contract-call-1{ts:line-numbers}

The `{ skipAssembleTx: true }` option is essential in this flow.

> It tells the SDK to skip the automatic `assembleTx` step during the `.call()` execution, since we’ve already manually assembled and funded the transaction earlier using `provider.assembleTx()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It tells the SDK to skip the automatic `assembleTx` step during the `.call()` execution, since we’ve already manually assembled and funded the transaction using `provider.assembleTx()`.
```

> Skipping this step prevents the SDK from overwriting the prepared transaction and ensures the custom logic—such as using a predicate as the fee payer—remains intact.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Skipping this step prevents the SDK from overwriting the prepared transaction and ensures the custom logic remains intact, such as using a predicate as the fee payer.
```
